Add comments for WeighingMachineSolution (#2134)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/csharp/general/property_setter_is_not_private.md

# property setter is accesable outside class

> Property named `%{name}` has non private setter.
> `%{name}` should be readable but not writable outside the class as per task instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `%{name}` property's setter should be made `private`.
This restricts setting the property's value to the class in which the property is defined, while still allowing the getter to be called by everyone.
```
